are you I'm hairstyle I hear you've been
looking for God preacher guys I owe you
a huge apology because I totally dropped
the ball on preacher season two but I
have a good excuse
see I went to hell a few weeks back and
it took me some time to escape with
Eugene and Hitler actually I was just on
vacation but either way I'm really sorry
and I'm here for good to finish off
season two remember if you enjoy these
breakdowns do me a favor and hit like
and also subscribe because we have more
than just preacher we also have Rick and
Morty Twin Peaks and we're still talking
about Game of Thrones
even though season seven is over alright
first things first I'm going to go back
and talk about episodes 9 and 10 in this
video and later in the week I will talk
about episode 11 I want to make sure we
cover everything so let's start a couple
weeks back also warning spoilers ahead
there are some comic book references
that I'll talk about and as always hit
me up on Twitter at Ryan Eric P or in
the comments below and let me know
anything that I may have missed or any
other questions you might have so
episode 9 was titled puzzle pieces and
it was action-packed it began with a
flashback to Jesse's childhood when his
father was killed in front of him I know
comic book fans will agree with me it's
awesome to get some more flashbacks of
Jesse's childhood and his upbringing
whenever we can but in the present day
jesse has seemingly exhausted all of his
resources in a search for God so he
turns to Google if you look closely team
preacher seems to be fans of Godzilla as
well nice little touch there no surprise
here there's still a whole lot of
tension amongst jesse tulip and cassidy
jesse has warned them both out with his
obsession with God and adding to the
drama Jesse uses Genesis to force tulip
to sleep this happens just one episode
after he declined to help Cassidy with
Dennis obviously Cassidy is not happy
she was tired yeah
one of the most memorable moments from
this episode and season two in whole was
the Samson units first person shooter
raid on Dennis's apartment it's a tense
action-packed sequence devoid of any
extra music or sound unfortunately for
the guys in white they stood no chance
against Jesse and two vampires
that's right we all suspected it Cassidy
gave Dennis the gift of eternal life
also Jesse uses Genesis again to turn
the unit against themselves later on he
commands a bunch of cops to help defend
them from another Grail attack for
someone that was so conservative with
his powers for a few episodes this
season Jesse goes a little overboard
this episode they're not gonna stop next
time there'll be more coming soon at
this time we'll be ready for them later
on when tulip finds out that Jesse used
his power on her she is rightly pissed
off their relationship was already a
little bit rocky and Jesse continues to
make it a whole lot worse it's a bit of
a deviation from the comic books where
their relationship is on a much more
solid foundation and how about our
favorite bad guy hair star well early on
he wasn't convinced of Jesse's powers
but he soon shows interest after looking
over Jesse's files and we get another
nod to Angel Ville as star looks through
a pamphlet in Jesse's file now let's
talk about that no means yes thing that
happened in this episode that's right
hair star gets raped by male prostitutes
thanks to a miscommunication by Hoover
believe it or not this actually does
happen in the comic books but it's a
much more traumatizing experience for
hair star than it was here in the TV
show he seems more annoyed and bored
until he has a Eureka moment and finds
his missing puzzle piece
the missing
more on that in the next episode so
Harris star decides not to use Brad to
kill Jesse Custer and his friends and
instead he aborts the mission a funny
moment here when the missile actually
targets New Orleans native Harry Connick
jr. becoming the second celebrity killed
off by the show after Tom Cruise blew up
way back in season 1 adding to the joke
they fittingly used Connick Jr's song
the preacher in the next scene as the
news report confirmed his death this one
goes out to the singer actor and talk
show goes dead at 49
so following episode 9 I only have one
question for you do you like cats no no
no no nope neither do i more of a dog
person slow with me guys let's move on
to episode 10 which is titled dirty
little secret and this episode featured
the ballsiest called open in preacher
history that's right Jesus loses his
virginity at least that's the line he
used later on in the episode we get to
see the birth of his illegitimate son
and the origins of the Grail blasphemous
for sure but that's the world that Garth
Ennis and Steve Dillon created with the
comic books back into present-day hair
star tells Jesse all about the Grail and
the organization's dedication to protect
Christ's lineage see when the end of the
world comes we're all gonna need a
Savior we'll get to this Messiah a
little bit later on Jesse again uses
Genesis to find out where God is but
star is also unsure of his whereabouts
ultimately he convinces Jesse to join
him at the grilles in New Orleans
headquarters
that's where Jesse meets the Pope and
the Archbishop of Canterbury clearly the
Grail has serious connections but it
turns out that no one has any clue where
God is the biggest moment of this
episode comes much later when Jesse
finally meets the Messiah that's right
he's Jesus Christ's twenty-fifth great
grandson and just like in the comic
books he is living proof of why imbrie
ting is horrible the Messiah goes by the
name humper do in the TV show which was
one of his catchphrases from the comic
books I hope I do that's right I hope I
do good boy oh and Jesse's soon finds
out that he likes to pee on people which
also happens in the books another
reference that comic book fans might
have noticed is when Jesse and star
arrive at the secret compound the old
father didn't
to expect it's a pleasant surprise the
all-father that the man is most likely
referring to is of course all-father dr
anique from the books he was the
extremely overweight formal leader of
the grail that wasn't much a fan of
Jesse Northstar I don't want to give
away any more spoilers on his role in
the comic books right now because I
believe there's a very good chance we're
gonna get introduced to this character
in the near future
finally one huge hint that was revealed
during the sequence the drawings that
humper do was working on they looked
like an awfully familiar looking
Dalmatian from earlier this season so
was that really God underneath that
costume good idea preacher man you had
your chance
let's go y'all to get out of your freaks
you don't know what
what's happening with tulip well she's
becoming quite close to a disguised
Featherstone
it started with Featherstone lending
tulip Irgun than a shared breakfast of
pancakes and a couple games of rock band
by the way the song that tulip is
playing is dirty little secrets the
episodes title of course by the group
All American Rejects even more the
band's lead vocalist and bass guitarist
is Tyson Ritter he also plays Jesus and
Hum Purdue in this episode now as fun as
this hang session might have been
Featherstone and the grails motive here
is obvious they'll do anything to divide
team preacher ultimately this comes to a
head at the end of the episode when
tulip finds the saint of killers guns
that Jesse hid underneath the bathroom
floor her relationship with Jesse was
already on the rocks but it's safe to
say that she doesn't trust him much
anymore episode 10 ends with Jesse and
star driving back from their time with
the Messiah star finally reveals his
plan for Jesse to replace the inept
Messiah with someone that could actually
become the world Savior and since God is
nowhere to be found
Jesse should be the one to take his
place final thing I want to touch on
here is Cassidy and Dennis it's clear
that Dennis cannot be controlled with
his newfound powers and his thirst for
blood as a vampire it's gonna be
extremely sad when Cassidy has to put
down his own son but it's bound to
happen an interesting side note here is
this whole thing might have been avoided
had Jesse just agreed to help Cassidy
again the friendship between these three
characters is on shaky ground guys
thanks again for watching this video and
for sticking with us even though I
missed a few episodes I do appreciate
the continued support and once again
look out for episode 11s breakdown
coming later this week hit me up with
any comments or questions that you might
have had anything else you noticed from
episodes 9 & 10
I'll see you soon